Initial Problem:
I enjoy going baseball games, specifically new york mets home games. I'm pretty much always willing to go if I can find a ticket in my favorite premium section for well below market value. To achieve this I have to constantly check multiple ticket listing sites like stubhub, seatgeek, gametime etc. as it gets closer and closer to the start of the event. Checking each of these services and comparing the prices in each of my favorite sections gets tiring and the amount of manual work it takes to swap between the services and different seating sections on each site can lead to me missing out on the best deal or a potential price error. It would be great to have a service that does this organized search and scrape the sites for me to alert me as soon as a potential deal is found. 


Use Case:
I want to gain an edge in the event marketplace. To start out I just want to try and get the best deal possible for sporting event tickets. I see this working just like any other ticket marketplace service like stubhub, seatgeek etc. The user should be able to search by category like, concert, musical, sporting event then down to artist, musical title, sport and team. You'll also be able to search by the event location. You should also be able to filter by seating section. This service is dedicated to last minute steals, general price outliers and price errors for the tickets. I really just want a centralized hub where ticket prices can be viewed and the deal value can be displayed so I know when it's worth buying. The best deals are typically found as the event time approaches, if there's poor weather forecast, a poor opponent, or a poor pitching matchup. Since I'm mostly interested in premium seating where the experience is elevated beyond the event I dont care about most of these factors.  

Immediate Value:
I want to scrape the most popular ticket selling marketplaces for the best deals in the sections I'm interested in. Since the ticket prices drop as an event gets closer I typically only check in detail the games for the current week. However, with the power of this new platform I should be able to get the ticket data for every game my team has at home in each section I'm interested in. This way I wont miss out on a game if it's longer out in my search horizon and someone listed them for well below market value for any particular reason. I want to have a saved search set up for New York Mets games at Citi Field for the remainder of the 2026 MLB season. I want to select the sections that should be scraped and stored for market analysis. I want to see how big of a discount I would be getting compared to the market average for any particular game. This can go into greater detail because the rank or popularity of the opponent should generally dictate the average ticket price in each section. For example the average ticket price for a New York Mets game versus the New York Yankess would be much higher than the ticket price for a game versus the Minnesota Twins. There should be some internal scoring system that ranks the game score compared to the average ticket price to identify price outliers. There are other factors that dictate the ticket price and demand such as promotional giveaways, prime event times, divisional games and opposing team popularity to name a few. I want some notification system so I can be alerted when a deal crosses a set threshold. 

Short term Value:
I want to track the ticket values overtime and have a dashboard similar to like a brokerage app or stock viewer. Just general views to look at market dynamics and price tracking. I'm open to recommendations here.  

Long Term Value:
I want to be able to make a profit potentially. This can be built out to mirror brokerage services where I can indicate the specific tickets I have and their percieved value based on the market. Features can be built out to show portfolio value and profit and loss over time if I indicate a ticket has been sold and the price I sold it for. Also there should be portfolio insights like when to sell and when to buy if I'm interested in a particular date regardles of the deal score. 


Future features:
This service should have user logins so each user can set their own saved searches based on criteria and receive notifications to their own. 
